In step 12, we need to optimize WordPress as per the WordPress optimization lecture.
We've already modified the main engine X configuration file engine X dot seo enough so you don't need
to redo that step.
We've already created the include file to leverage browser caching.
We've already created the WP super cache include file.
I'd like you to change to your Etsy Ingenix that's available directory.
Then you need to open your second Saaz configuration file using Nenna.
You can scroll down to the second server context to the location context that contains the TRA Files
Directive.
You can remove those three lines in place of the location context.
We are going to add the global optimizations file as well as the WP super cache file.
So we need to include optimizations as well as WP super cache.
You can Xanana saving your changes, its test, the configuration, everything is fine.
Let's reload.
Ingenix you need to change to your var ww w site directory, not the public html, just the site directory.
We are going to use mod and change the permissions of public underscore html two seven seven five.
You can then change to the public HDMI old directory where they need to change the permissions of WP
config two six six four six six four will allow the web server to write to the WP config for my WordPress
dashboard.
I would like to add a new plugin WP Super Cache Install.
Installed plug ins would be super cash we can activate let's go to settings caching on update status,
let's test the cache success.
I would like you to click on the advanced tab.
Enable caching is selected your cache delivery method.
I would like you to select expert.
We have added the WP Super Cache Engine X configuration files so the expert option can be enabled.
I would also like you to select don't cache pages for one uses.
You can then click update status.
And now I'd like you to click on Preload, Preload will create static files of every published post
and page on your site.
Creating static pages will speed up your site tremendously.
Refresh preload cache files every.
I normally like to set it at 1200 minutes and then select preload mode garbage collection disabled.
Send me status emails, no emails and you can click save settings.
You can then click preload cache.
Now back to terminal.
I'm changing the permissions of WP config back to six for for in the event you get changing permissions
operation not permitted.
Simply use sudo change to your home directory and run the WP permissions script.
Every time you install a plugin or theme, change to your home directory and run that particular script
to correct the permissions on all the WordPress files and directories.
You will notice the script changed public underscore H.T. email back to seven five five.
You've just installed your second WordPress site on your engine server, installing site number three
four five is exactly the same.
Follow the 12 steps.